hey everybody john here with
wikigameguides and this is my
walkthrough of a alpha build the preview
that I got to play of Assassin's Creed
syndicate last week at e3 out in Los
Angeles a big thank you to Ubisoft for
giving me this opportunity to create
some preview videos I'll have a couple
more posting over the next few days
showing off the specifics of the new
Rope launcher which is a huge addition
to this game and some of the horse buggy
stuff and i also have a non narrated
gameplay video if you guys are looking
for it's basically the same mission
minus the cuts are with the cutscenes
and all that but i want to make a
walkthrough video as if this was a real
walkthrough because i will be making a
full one and talk about my impressions
of the game a little bit um so the
grappling hook robe launcher is is a
huge addition to the game it it doesn't
really make it more fun when you're on
the ground level going to the roof in
fact it's actually kind of clunky and
can be very frustrating at times so this
mission that I'm doing right here is
called the gang stronghold you're
familiar with easy basically you go in
and you kill all the people around but
so the Rope launcher in a situation like
this we create a bridge is much much
much more fun so it right now I'm just
kind of creating going horizontally and
you can create amazing assassination the
vantage points with this new Rope
launcher and that in like in it it also
makes it escaping when people are
chasing you a lot easier but
unfortunately one of the other new
features that the edit of this game was
the horse and buggy so instead of
stealing a car like in Grand Theft Auto
you can just steal a horse and buggy and
get away with that but you can also get
on the roof of the horse and buggy or of
the buggy that the horse is trailing or
pulling but you cannot rope launch from
the roof of a moving buggy or I didn't
try it on a stationary buggy huh anyway
you can't relaunch from the roof of a
moving buggy to a to a roof nearby which
would be just being an amazing way to
get out of
you know escape from people don't
chasing you so I didn't have a weapon in
this opening mission I did have a pistol
and some throwing knives in something
like that which I'll use in the later
half but for just combat I didn't get to
try out a sword or anything like that in
one of the things that they've added
this game is a sword cane which as you
can see here I actually don't have um
now I didn't use it on this playthrough
but on my first playthrough there's like
a fire pit down below or and the
developer told me that if you shoot that
with the hose if you shoot the fire pit
I should have shot the fire pit with a
hallucinogenic dart not the guy itself
because one who's into that dart in the
fire explodes and infects everybody
around it so the hallucinogenic dart
you've used that before I think you used
that before an assassin's creed maybe
I'm confusing it with far cry or
something like that anyway um you know
what it does like it confuses the guys
into attacking each other instead of
protecting you they're true enemy and
you know despite the clunkiness of the
Rope launcher it's really freaking fun I
hope that they tweaked out a little bit
so it's a little bit oh my god that guy
just want a rag doll and I punched him
to death I hope that they tweaked it a
little bit so that it's easier to aim
because in situations where there are
multiple points that you want to launch
to it can be very hard to pick out
specifically like if you're looking at
two buildings that are at a 90-degree
angle it can be hard to pick out which
one you want to aim at because it's kind
of an auto aim system the so this
mission right here I have to eliminate
all the rivals and I also as a bonus
objective have to free all the rooks and
you can see the activity rewards here I
got the bonus challenge so this game
will have you know that extra one
hundred percent sink like I think all
the Assassin's Creed games maybe not
number one but I know number two had
that
um the hundred percent sink challenges
so this mission right here this is an
interesting one um this is called the
war is it I'm chasing down this woman
right here it says kill and I was not
able to catch her interestingly enough a
fight in cowboy guy have had on a couple
of my videos other assassins creed
videos and stuff I he was at this same
demo session and he was actually able to
catch her and kill her before this fight
and he said he got a special cutscene
for it so be sure to check out his
YouTube channel cuz i hope he posted it
may be dumb if he didn't post it and i
don't think he had to do the gang fight
or the gang war after after killing her
because after i get to the objective
marker here in a minute i meant being a
big gang fight you know it's like gangs
of new york stock tanked in the orchids
you know i just bunch of fucking pool
games running around the streets london
beating the shit each other and yet get
to kill everybody and i think he got to
skip that whole thing by catching her
quickly enough so and there was no um
challenge completed objective screen
after the end of this mission because it
was the end of the demo so i don't know
if catching her was an optional bonus
objective or it was just something
completely separate from the main
storyline it was just like complete you
know instead of like a monetary bonus
like i got on that last mission where I
got you know extra money for rescuing
all the rooks and had those guys on my
team are added them to my to my crew
that are to my syndicate that uh i think
it was just the extra cutscene but i
don't really know i'm so curious to see
all that comes out anyway uh they i'm
really looking forward to the full game
that's like getting good Assassin's
Creed game they the Rope launcher is
nice I love London I love the setting a
lot more than france but i don't know
like it doesn't really feel like it
they've added a ton i didn't get to see
any of the overall systems or anything
like that so anyway i'm looking forward
to the full version if you're new to the
channel be sure to subscribe for more
assassins creed
get updates I'm sure to check out my
other preview videos as well and give
the video a like if you enjoyed it game